### Events and Eventhandlers

"Event driven programming" is a paradigm designed for handling user input. Instead of calling functions
inside a "main" function, or in other functions, what if we just called a function whenever an event
happens? That's the ideal for user input and output.

You've seen at least 2 events in this class: click and submit. How do events work? Who gets to know
about an event first?

In HTML events are associated with an element. When an element creates an event, it checks for an event
handler. After it's done handling the event, (or after it's done ignoring it if it doesn't have an event
handler), it "propogates" the event up to it's parent. With Vue, we use v-on to establish event
handlers.

Check out the index.html file. You'll see 5 divs and 4 buttons. Before you run the website, write down
the output you should see in the console when you click each button. Will it ever print "other
grandchild"?

### events and default actions
Many events have a default action, like a scroll event defaults to scroll. Some are useful, and some are
annoying. If you want to prevent an event's default action from happening, use `.prevent` before it
reaches the root element. The only default action you should know about for the midterm is the default
for the submit event (which is to reload the page).

Click events can be generated by anything, but submit events are usually generated by a form element.
Currently, the form submit button on this page will refresh everything (preventing you from seeing the
console.log). Try adding a `.prevent` to the form to stop the default action.

### Take aways for the midterm
If you're getting caught up in how events propagate, or in what order, don't worry. The main point of
this example is to show:
- how you can use v-on to attach an event handler to an element
- how you can catch any of your children's events
- how to prevent the browser from refreshing
